com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/Utils.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.Utils
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/LivePreviewActivity.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.LivePreviewActivity
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/preference/LivePreviewPreferenceFragment.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.LivePreviewPreferenceFragment
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/CameraXViewModel.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraXViewModel
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/textdetector/TextRecognitionProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.textdetector.TextRecognitionProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/PoseSample.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.PoseSample
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/CameraXLivePreviewActivity.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.CameraXLivePreviewActivity
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/ChooserActivity.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.ChooserActivity
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.ChooserActivity$MyArrayAdapter
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/segmenter/SegmenterProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.segmenter.SegmenterProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/facedetector/FaceGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.facedetector.FaceGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/EMASmoothing.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.EMASmoothing
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/preference/StillImagePreferenceFragment.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.StillImagePreferenceFragment
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/InferenceInfoGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.InferenceInfoGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/TemperatureMonitor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.TemperatureMonitor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/textdetector/TextGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.textdetector.TextGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/preference/FaceDetectionUtils.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.FaceDetectionUtils
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/ClassificationResult.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.ClassificationResult
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/CameraXSourceDemoActivity.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.CameraXSourceDemoActivity
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/PoseDetectorProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.PoseDetectorProcessor$PoseWithClassification
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/PoseClassifier.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.PoseClassifier
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/objectdetector/ObjectGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.objectdetector.ObjectGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/facedetector/FaceDetectorProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.facedetector.FaceDetectorProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/preference/CameraXLivePreviewPreferenceFragment.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.CameraXLivePreviewPreferenceFragment
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/FrameMetadata.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.FrameMetadata
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.FrameMetadata$1
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.FrameMetadata$Builder
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/StillImageActivity.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.StillImageActivity
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.StillImageActivity$1
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.StillImageActivity$2
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.StillImageActivity$3
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/preference/CameraXSourceDemoPreferenceFragment.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.CameraXSourceDemoPreferenceFragment
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/BitmapUtils.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.BitmapUtils
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/PoseClassifierProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.PoseClassifierProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/RepetitionCounter.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.RepetitionCounter
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/objectdetector/ObjectDetectorProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.objectdetector.ObjectDetectorProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/CameraSource.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSource
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSource$1
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSource$SizePair
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/labeldetector/LabelDetectorProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.labeldetector.LabelDetectorProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/ScopedExecutor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.ScopedExecutor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.GraphicOverlay
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/segmenter/SegmentationGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.segmenter.SegmentationGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/BuildConfig.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.BuildConfig
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/classification/PoseEmbedding.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.classification.PoseEmbedding
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/barcodescanner/BarcodeGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.barcodescanner.BarcodeGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/VisionProcessorBase.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.VisionProcessorBase
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.VisionProcessorBase$1
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/preference/PreferenceUtils.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.PreferenceUtils
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/preference/SettingsActivity.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.SettingsActivity
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.preference.SettingsActivity$LaunchSource
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/VisionImageProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.VisionImageProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/CameraSourcePreview.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSourcePreview
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSourcePreview$1
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/barcodescanner/BarcodeScannerProcessor.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.barcodescanner.BarcodeScannerProcessor
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/posedetector/PoseGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.posedetector.PoseGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/java/labeldetector/LabelGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.java.labeldetector.LabelGraphic
com/bv/netpop/mobileQR/CameraImageGraphic.java
 com.bv.netpop.mobileQR.CameraImageGraphic
